Has an oversight body such as an Institutional Review Board [IRB] or Privacy Board reviewed how the data will be used or disclosed and approved a request to alter or waive the Authorization requirement?

### Terms
* *Institutional review board - IRB*: A board, committee or group formally designated by an institution to review research involving human subjects. Most universities and academic medical centers that receive federal funding often have designated IRBs.
* *Privacy Board*: An alternative to an IRB, comprised of members of varying backgrounds and appropriate professional competencies as necessary to review the effect of the research protocol on individual privacy rights and related interests. Privacy Boards must have at least one member who is not affiliated with the covered entity that will use or disclose the PHI involved in the research project, not affiliated with any entity conducting or sponsoring the research, and not related to any person who is affiliated with such entities, and members may not have conflicts of interest regarding the projects they review.
* *Alterations / Waivers to Authorization*: An IRB or Privacy Board may approve a waiver or alteration of the research participants’ authorization for use or disclosure of information about them for research purposes. This provision can be used to conduct records research when the research could not practicably be conducted if research participants’ authorization were required. A covered entity may use or disclose protected health information for research purposes pursuant to a waiver of authorization by an IRB or Privacy Board, provided it has obtained documentation describing the IRB or Privacy Board, the date of approval, a description of the information to be used or disclosed, and a statement that the use or disclosure has been reviewed and approved under either normal or expedited review procedures.
