Do the data contain protected health information from medical records? In other words, do the data contain any health information that can be used to identify an individual? This includes, but is not limited to, demographic information or anything related to an individual’s past, present, or future health condition and related treatments or payments.

### Terms
* *Protected health information*: Protected health information is defined as individually identifiable health information that is transmitted or maintained in any form of media. It excludes individually identifiable health information in education records covered by the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act [FERPA] and employment records held by a covered entity in its role as an employer.
* *Individually identifiable health information*: Individually identifiable health information is information that is a subset of health information, including demographic information collected from an individual by a covered entity, that relates to an individual’s past, present, or future physical or mental health condition, the provision of health care to the individual, or the past, present, or future payment for the provision of health care to the individual. It often includes common identifiers such as name, address, birth date, Social Security number, or anything that can reasonably be used to identify the individual. When information relates to an individual’s past or current treatment for alcohol or drug abuse, this includes any information – recorded or unrecorded – that could be used to determine the patient’s identity directly or by reference to other publicly available information.
